and if they come we will define some technical doubts about the steering wheel
the steering wheel
I have some doubts in identifying a public equipment
Why do you have a security?
here you know you trust
so come on
first step we'll take out the cube
from inside the steering wheel then to this
for this to happen but did not know the flames
several areas
the drum hop
we pull what we produce with tomato
we pull the audience
turning 780
a sustainable situation coming from inside the capsule
so let's go
identify first time
What reigns in the document you know well
do not blame
we have a key in the field
We'll call May
we have a right atrial port
in the thermal building even
We still have Carnival
on that channel the shock daughter who is a freestyle channel
and we still have
a channel
This phrase
that she would be a daughter
enthusiasm to understand why it is the municipality enters and leaves the course in this
Position with ball entering or leaving Dakar
so the capture
on the inside okubo
we have
paris 2006
we have the truck driver
peters is in the air
we can play here inside the cover
but how we have the sea
here to here we have the fair
otherwise we have two holes
Of course here we have a team that looked for materials
jumar
and face to face with cech did the other
Are you seeing any problems?
and we still have as shown
here in cuba
we have said campbell we have a pinocchio
just that they provide in that position that I like to see me here
so let's think the following
in the position of directing what may be happening
the cult tested historical maxims coupled adop
to pm
I'll show you that
March
ef
and of course the two automatic search requests
as the cardinal but kaka spared in both eyes said
Why are we going to do it?
So I'm going to open the team. I'm going to pull.
when we have
the channel
and let's move forward with the pib to italy the pope remembered years
turn 70 degrees
and let's go in
a little in the correct position
at this moment what is happening on time
with the defeat for the club what is happening
at sea
in fact
katia gardin of the municipalities and thus the open time of the other
your total safety to drive
and where have I been going to happen?
It's simple
we open
we pulled the pilot tried to take
and as we pull the wheel our mission we're talking we just pay
local and what is going to happen
it will fit longer
automatically the two red bull pilots
the two holes
and I do not want it to remain free as the terms normally trained
focus here
the caviar was already inside the car of one of them
then it is possible to thief anyone unauthorized by the body but
can not drive normally
in this way you can only practice large stages
will not have as king
Your capture we'll open one more time.
let's pull the pinocchio here it's open we're looking for 180 degrees
or the position of sarney
And you have to marry him to the kitchen.
with the carnival
high heels
this you will not need to do are installed and you are not doing
How safe is it?
in her
we installed the cube
we put the door
and then the steering wheel that is armored notes well open
that the person does not have access by sea
in day care is closed
You are wrong
he is totally unsure that no one will mess in your car will get a goal
wanted to drive
not even have access
for who likes withdrawal why
this video
will be
Our site
www dot
steering wheel the df public cub
if you have any questions
we are going to spend a year and a half we have great pleasure in responding